A) HSBC Internal -:

1. what is splunk monitor tool for checking logs for production failure how it checks how it works
2. what is Jenkins pipeline or steps to deploy project or jar file
3. can you write scripts for Jenkins deploy code
4. what is statck memory and heap memory
5. what is container in AWS
6. what is method overriding
7. which version control tool you used in your project(Git hup)
8. In Jwt from where you are passing token from header or directly from body
9. where signature contains in jwt token like third part or other part also what long form of JWT
10. what is use of lambda expression how it helps in java 8
11. can we use functional interface without lambda expression
12. what is use of default and static method in functional interface
13. Find total marks of student on their roll no basis by using SQL query
14. find owels from given String using java 8 stream API
15. where we use Componant annotation on method level or class level what is use of that
16. where we use controller annotation used and what is use of that
17. how you impleneted JWT in your project 
18. for writing junit test cases what you have used
19. what is API gateway why we used in microservice what is benifits of that
20. which end to end testing tool you used in your project (Postman)
21. which data bases you have worked on
22. Difference between Comparable and Comparator

B) TU Internal -:

1. Write a Simple addition program using Functional interface
2. find first non repeating Character from String using Java 8 Strem API
3. what is intermegiate and terminal operation in Java 8
4. what is Java 8 Fatures
5. what is Springboot annotation


C) Discover Internal -:

1. Print 1 to 100 prime no using java 8 stream API
2. what is jpa and what methods provided by JPA
3. how microservice communicate to each other
4. what java standard coding practice you followed in your project
5. how JWT you implemented in your project
6. do you know about AWS deployment and JIRa
7. how you created your microservice
8. how you handeld global exception in your project
9. which Springboot annotation you used in your project
10. which test cases annotation you used in your project

D) Capgemini Mock Interview -1
1. in multi-threading where to use Synchronization and where to use Join
2. hibernate methods and how to use in spring project
3. what is use of kubernatives and steps for CICD pipe lines
4. what is use of Autoconfugration annotation and use of Application context
5. Occurance of character in String and write a controller and pojo class for get users in list in response entity with status code ok
6. static and default method in functional interface

E) Capgemini Mock Interview -2
1. sort the list of String in assending and descending order
2. create entity,repository,servicec,controller which will return lists of books also return plain text "hello" using getMapping and test it on postman
3. what it http rest principle
4. difference between monolithic and microservices and why microservice is much more useful
5. what chanllenges you faced in you project
6. why Hibernate more helpful than jdbc
7. why companies are shifting more to springboot than spring
8. Write a Dockerfile to containerize a simple Java Spring Boot application.
9. Java 8 Features and what is parallel stream when to use
10. have you hands on on java 11 and java 17
11. how to make data consistency in DB level
12. difference between CRUD and JPA Repository
13. how to implement predicates/consumer using simple function
14. explain Rest Api/Http Principles
15. why hibernate introduced over JDBC
16. CICD Pipe line steps Jenkins scripts and Jenkins pipeline for deploy code
